README.md, before:

# What is this?

This is a personal portfolio project. I have made a few portfolop pages in the past, but my most recent one was from 2018. It was time for me to do another one.

## Technologies Used

I am using this project to practice the following:

- Git Branches
- SASS / SCSS

## Work Log

#### 11/16/19

- Create Repo
- Set Up files
- Add SASS
- Add header info

---

##### 11/17/19

- Add background to hero
- Add background to the hero text
- Make hero responsive

---

#### 11/18/19

- Add Nav bar and make it responsive
- Change background video to something a little clearer
- Change the width of the CTA button and fixed its animation
- Changed my mind with the navbar. I originally tried to make my own responsive one, but it seemed to break my page. I am going to do a separate project on just creating a responsive nav on my own. For now, bootstrap it is.

---

#### 11/19/19

- Tried adding Font Awesome by adding the CSS myself but I couldn't get it to work. I am trying [Friconix]() for the first time instead.
- Added footer with social links and make it responsive

---

#### 11/20/19

- Add contact section
- Followed tutorial on [Bootstrapious](https://bootstrapious.com/p/how-to-build-a-working-bootstrap-contact-form) on how to create a working contact form

---

#### 11/21/19

- Remove PHP and JS for contact form, it won't be much good since this isn't going to be hosted
- Add about me section, and make it responsive
- Add a note that the form does not actually send me an email.

---

#### 11/22/19

- Fixed some responsive issues with the hero
- Added header to the projects section

---

#### 12/23/19

- Add portfolio section
- Add content to portfolio section
- Style the info part, which will have an animation when you hover over the project.

---

#### 12/24/19

- Add animation to the portfolio cards to display the links
- Take the animation away on Tablet and smaller.

## Credits

- Hero Background Video - [Christian Dina](https://www.pexels.com/@cristian-dina-924373) from [Pexels](https://pexels.com)

Commit message:

Fix issue where links lead to wrong pages

README.md, after:

# What is this?

This is a personal portfolio project. I have made a few portfolop pages in the past, but my most recent one was from 2018. It was time for me to do another one.

## Technologies Used

I am using this project to practice the following:

- Git Branches
- SASS / SCSS

## Work Log

#### 11/16/19

- Create Repo
- Set Up files
- Add SASS
- Add header info

---

##### 11/17/19

- Add background to hero
- Add background to the hero text
- Make hero responsive

---

#### 11/18/19

- Add Nav bar and make it responsive
- Change background video to something a little clearer
- Change the width of the CTA button and fixed its animation
- Changed my mind with the navbar. I originally tried to make my own responsive one, but it seemed to break my page. I am going to do a separate project on just creating a responsive nav on my own. For now, bootstrap it is.

---

#### 11/19/19

- Tried adding Font Awesome by adding the CSS myself but I couldn't get it to work. I am trying [Friconix]() for the first time instead.
- Added footer with social links and make it responsive

---

#### 11/20/19

- Add contact section
- Followed tutorial on [Bootstrapious](https://bootstrapious.com/p/how-to-build-a-working-bootstrap-contact-form) on how to create a working contact form

---

#### 11/21/19

- Remove PHP and JS for contact form, it won't be much good since this isn't going to be hosted
- Add about me section, and make it responsive
- Add a note that the form does not actually send me an email.

---

#### 11/22/19

- Fixed some responsive issues with the hero
- Added header to the projects section

---

#### 11/23/19

- Add portfolio section
- Add content to portfolio section
- Style the info part, which will have an animation when you hover over the project.

---

#### 11/24/19

- Add animation to the portfolio cards to display the links
- Take the animation away on Tablet and smaller.

#### 11/25/19

- Fix issue with links linking to the wrong pages.

---

## Credits

- Hero Background Video - [Christian Dina](https://www.pexels.com/@cristian-dina-924373) from [Pexels](https://pexels.com)
